EX-2.1
 2
 d135056dex21.htm
 EX-2.1


 EX-2.1

 Exhibit 2.1
 Execution Version

 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
 By and Among SHM HOLDCO,
LLC, INTREPID HOLDCO, INC.
 and MARINEMAX, INC.
 Dated as of August 9, 2026

[…]

 This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of August 9, 2026 (this
“ Agreement ”), is by and among SHM Holdco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ Parent ”), Intrepid Holdco, Inc., a Florida corporation and an indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent (“ Merger
Sub ”), and MarineMax, Inc., a Florida corporation (the “ Company ”). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 8.17 .
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and in accordance with the
Florida Business Corporation Act (the “ FBCA ”), at the Effective Time, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the “ Merger ”), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Parent, and pursuant to the Merger each share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (“ Company Common Stock ”) (other than Excluded Shares, which shall be treated in accordance with
 Section 2.01(b) ) will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration; WHEREAS, the Board of
Directors of the Company, at a meeting duly called and held, has unanimously (a) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and the shareholders of the Company, and declared it advisable that the Company enter into this

[…]

and deliver a letter effecting his or her resignation as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company, to be effective as of, and contingent upon the occurrence of, the Effective Time.
 ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE
MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES; EQUITY-BASED AWARDS
 SECTION 2.01. Effect on Capital Stock . At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the holders of any shares of Company Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub:
 (a) Capital Shares of Merger Sub . Each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Merger Sub as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be converted automatically into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation.
 3

 (b) Cancelation of Certain Shares . Each share of Company Common Stock
that is (i) held by the Company, or (ii) owned, directly or indirectly, by Parent or Merger Sub (collectively, the “ Excluded Shares ”), in each case immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be canceled and shall
cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. (c) Conversion of Company Common
Stock . Each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than the Excluded Shares, which shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.01(b)) shall be converted
automatically into and shall thereafter represent only the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $53.00 per share, without interest (the “ Merger Consideration ”). As of the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Common
Stock shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such share of Company Common Stock (each, a
“ Share Certificate ”) or of non-certificated shares of Company Common Stock held in direct registry form (each, a “ Book-Entry Share ”) (other than Share Certificates or
Book-Entry Shares representing Excluded Shares, which shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.01(b)) shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration, to be paid in
consideration therefor. SECTION 2.02. Exchange Matters .

[…]

EX-99.1
 3
 d135056dex991.htm
 EX-99.1


 EX-99.1

 Exhibit 99.1

 MarineMax Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by Blackstone Infrastructure Portfolio Company, Safe Harbor,
 in a $1.5 Billion All-Cash Transaction
 MarineMax Shareholders to Receive $53.00 Per Share in Cash
 Sale is Direct Outcome of Strategic Review Process Led by the MarineMax Board of Directors
 OLDSMAR, Fla. and Dallas – (BUSINESS WIRE) – August 10, 2026 – MarineMax, Inc. (NYSE: HZO) (“MarineMax” or the
“Company”), a marina operator, superyacht services company and boat and yacht retailer, and Safe Harbor Marinas (“Safe Harbor”), a marina and superyacht service business, today announced that they have entered into a
definitive agreement, under which Safe Harbor will acquire all issued and outstanding shares of common stock of MarineMax for $53.00 per share in cash. The all-cash transaction represents an enterprise value
of approximately $1.5 billion. The purchase price represents a premium of 96% to MarineMax’s closing share price of $27.03 on January 30,
2026, the last trading day prior to public disclosure of an unsolicited non-binding proposal to acquire 100% of the Company, as well as a premium of 110% to the Company’s 90-day volume weighted average
price for the period ended January 30, 2026. The transaction is the culmination of a competitive strategic review process led by the Company’s
Board of Directors (the “Board”) and management, with the assistance of the Company’s independent financial and legal advisors.
